[music]
the notorious meeting with the black cat in
Russia promises trouble and requires immediate
preventive measures in the form of spitting through
shoulder
British wife vs dorito cards with
depicting black cats wanting a friend
good luck friend
Many people in Greece carry in their pockets or
bat bone wallet from
evil eye too killing time this
animal, even in the name of cherished prey
bones is considered a very bad omen
any shoe inverted sole and top
foreshadows the bad so if you
developing in the house of the Greek dropped
boots and they landed up
sole immediately return them to
normal position and say score yes
it is time to spit it does not hurt to pass
under the stairs or see by the hand in
england this is very bad neighbors english
Irish
some of the most superstitious nations
long ago the Irish were in the habit
walk knee-deep in water with a newborn
baby in your arms to check
human is a child or an insidious fairy
fun for the sake of a human face
any Irishman knows that turnover is not
afraid of water in china many believe
tied with a broom
it is believed that each pomelo lives
spirit therefore use these subjects
should be careful
you can sweep the house, but you can clean the altar
and or home statues of the gods are not all, and
hit someone with a broom, and it does
tantamount to a multi-year curse
especially bad if mitlach touches
heads no Chinese will become
cut nails after 12 at night
not to attract visitors from the next world
the birdie flew into the italian house
nasty and love to feathered
even extends to individual feathers
especially peacocks who have upstairs
a stain suspiciously like a bad
the eye in japan should not stick sticks
in rice and the pillow should never be
heading north is not worth it either
photographed in three who
will be in the middle can bring on
yourself doom happiness will come to anyone
Italian who hear sneezing
cat and in England there is a universal and
the same updated recipe for happiness
so she on
the place halt need the first day of the month
say out loud the phrase
white rabbits given word of 4 letters but
still it can be written in three
letters can usually be written in six
letters and then five letters but
spawn
contained 8 letters and from rarely consists of 7
letters